Clarify LTS lifetime (#7383)
Mbed-TLS/mbedtls: BRANCHES.md

compatibility on major version changes (e.g. from 3.x to 4.0). We also maintain
ABI compatibility within LTS branches; see the next section for details.

New LTS branches are usually created around the time of a new major version.

> After a new LTS branch is created, it remains supported for at least 3 years.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a new LTS branch is created, it usually remains supported for three years.
```
